thank you very much Victor it's good to
bring some new blood in the CST post
game the first appearance live by Mark
Ingram ah you know what it's been a
process for you this year you've been
hurt you tried to kind of get into the
lineup of these games one of your
biggest nights if not the biggest night
for you as a pro tonight definitely I
think you know I think as a team just
coming off the bye week I think
everybody was focused real fresh and we
know we just wanted to come out here
make a statement and we know how
important every single game is from here
on out so we're just trying to improve
every single week and give ourselves the
best chance to win each each game we
have and you know make a run a deep run
in the playoffs how was this season been
for you I know a big preseason for you
you know all the hype coming out of
Alabama first-round pick you put a lot
of pressure on yourself how is your
rookie season been for you so far it's
been okay he had its ups and downs I'm
definitely improving every single week
as a player and just being more more and
more comfortable every single week out
there on the field so you know I it's
been ok always room for improvement has
been a lot of good things it's been some
things that are you know I could have
did better but I'm improving every
single week and that's what's that's all
that matters I know it's hell it's nice
to be healthy again and your conference
needs to be improving every week just
talk about where your mindset is now
compared to maybe a couple months ago
I'm just confident and I think every
single week we're getting more and more
familiar with each other on offense and
we're just coming coming together as an
offense I think offensive line is doing
such a great job that's the reason why
why we had success running the ball
today we had 25 yards rushing and I'm
you know that's a tribute to the
offensive line and you know they just
work their butts off all day you know
you know so we're all coming together as
an offensive that's when we that's when
we all have successes when walk when
we're clicking on all cylinders be
honest with me mark did you teach drew
brees had to run like that today no no
no he knows how to run by itself but uh
no I liked his uh his room where he
broke tackling stiffed on the guy and
dumped the rocks what did you teach him
that I didn't teach them i can't i can't
take I can't take credit for that I
can't take credit for it you know he did
that what does he meant to you though I
mean he's so important to so many guys
in this offense I know he he does so
much for each each guy on the unit has
he taken his side and helped her this
year drew is a guy
great guy off the field he's a
tremendous player on the field he's a
great character guy and a great leader
anytime you need true you can talk to
him and he'll take you aside and explain
things to you we can understand it break
it down to you so you can understand it
and go out there and execute and he's
just been such a great help to me and
it's very fortunate that I'm here with
the Saints to be able to have guys to
turn to like Pierre Thomas Darren
Sproles and drew brees and they're the
reason why my transition has probably
been a lot easier than some other
rookies five games left in the season
this is a great another great effort for
this football team you have to feel good
about your position right now definitely
on we feel good about where we're at but
we just want we know how important every
single game is from here on out so we
just want to keep improving every single
week and keep getting better as a team
so we can execute on the game day went
get us wins and put ourselves in a great
position so we can have a great deep
playoff run stretch it's one at a time
you may get a second chance the Packers
down the road we'll talk about that
later but Alabama make it a second
chance to LSU talk about that roll tide
roll tide right here in the world I will
be on the sideline in my crimson jersey
I might pull out my bcs champs from
jersey out the frame i might just do
that that's how important it is that's
how big this game would be you just lit
up when i mentioned alabama hey hey if
you want to ruffle my feathers and give
me a half cup you talk about my school
talk about my school so I love Alabama
you know the special place for me a lot
of special things happen there for me so
I always it always be a special place to
me it's got and talk like a rookie does
you guys we got heavy on the postgame
show more often don't be a stranger all
right i'll be happy to be on the
postgame show because that means i'm
making place that's right so all right
hopefully i'll be here next week stay
tuned guys hey nice game that i
appreciate your time thanks alright mark
ingram I his best night as a
professional guys drew brees and Deuce
McAllister coming up lots more on the
CST post game show here in the Superdome
back to you